Add nxp backend profiling support (#19225)
pytorch/executorch: docs/source/backends/nxp/nxp-profiling.md

> # NXP eIQ Profiling Support

Reviewer: Very nicely documented 👍🏻

> The NXP ExecuTorch delegate is integrated with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The NXP eIQ Neutron Backend is integrated with the
```

Author: Done

[Developer Tools](https://docs.pytorch.org/executorch/stable/delegate-debugging.html)
to provide visibility into delegated operator execution time.

There are three steps required to obtain profiling results for an NXP‑delegated model:

* Convert the model with profiling support enabled.
* Generate the artifacts consumed by the Developer Tools (`ETRecord`, `ETDump`).
* Create and run the Inspector class to consume these artifacts and print the results.

---

## Convert a model with the profiling support

Profiling data is generated only for a **profilable** model. 

> To convert a model with profiling support enabled, the `--use-profiling` flag must be set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To convert a model with profiling enabled, the `--use-profiling` flag must be set.
```

Author: Done

See the `aot_neutron_compile.py` example and its
[README](https://github.com/pytorch/executorch/blob/main/examples/nxp/README.md)
for additional details.

The following command creates a profilable `cifar10_nxp_delegate.pte` model and the corresponding `ETRecord` file, 

> compatible with the **i.MX RT700** board using **MCUXpresso SDK 25.06**:

Reviewer: Is 25.06 correct?
I have no insights here, it just seems a bit old.

Author: The latest version is 26.3. But the overview section references minimum SDK version 25.12. I tested everything using version 25.06, and the dim-order section also refers to 25.06. I prefer to keep the version I tested with.

Author: ... or remove the sentence.

Reviewer 2: And what eIQ Neutron SDK you used? 
What is the dependency on MCUX 25.06?

Author: Removed the MCUX version from documentation. I used 25.06.

with the `ET_EVENT_TRACER_ENABLED` flag enabled.

Only models converted with profiling support will produce an `ETDump` containing execution times for all Neutron 
operators. Otherwise, the dump will include only the final delegate execution time.

Neutron software provides a profiling mechanism that logs individual operator execution times to a dedicated runtime 
output. This data is then used to generate post‑time events after the inference has completed.

### Example

```c
#include <executorch/devtools/etdump/etdump_flatcc.h>
```
```c
// 1. Create ETDumpGen BEFORE inference.
auto etdump_gen_ptr = std::make_unique<executorch::etdump::ETDumpGen>();
executorch::etdump::ETDumpGen* etdump_gen = etdump_gen_ptr.get();

// 2. Load a method from the program by name with ETDump generator for profiling.
Result<Method> method = program->load_method(method_name, &memory_manager, etdump_gen);

// 3. Input tensor setup.
Tensor::SizesType sizes[] = {1, 1, 32, 32};
Tensor::DimOrderType dim_order[] = {0, 2, 3, 1};
TensorImpl impl(ScalarType::Float, 4, sizes, image_data, dim_order);

> Tensor tensor(&impl);[nxp-dim-order.md](nxp-dim-order.md)

Reviewer: The `[nxp-dim-order.md](nxp-dim-order.md)` probably shouldn't be there.

Also 2 more times on lines 134 and 136.

Author: I don't know how this ended up here. Will remove

Author: Removed
